II - NEWCOMERS
- AMICIA: I can't believe we made it!
- HUGO: Are people nice here?
- BÉATRICE: Nobody will attack us here, Hugo.
This town is under the protection
of the Count of Provence. He's a very powerful lord.
- LUCAS: I must say this is beautiful!
- AMICIA: Are you sure
the alchemist is waiting for us?
- BÉATRICE: Well, Magister Vaudin told me
he'd prepared a house for us.
- HUGO: An entire house?
- BÉATRICE: Yes!
The Order is very old.
They own houses and much much more.
- LUCAS: They built your Mother's laboratory.
And even the Château d'Ombrage, remember?
- HUGO: Yes.
It's nice they gave us a house.
- BÉATRICE: That's because
you're very important to them.
- AMICIA: Would His Majesty allow us
to enter the city by his side?
- HUGO: (IN KING VOICE) I allow.
Wow...
Is that a fair?
- BÉATRICE: Go take a quick look with him.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
- BÉATRICE: The house
is in the upper part of town.
It has a phoenix weather vane.
- AMICIA: Understood.
- BÉATRICE: And be very careful!
- AMICIA: Find anything you like?
- HUGO: I like everything here!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) Come.
There must be plenty of other things to see.
- HUGO: Where do we start?
- AMICIA: Well, what do you want to see?
- HUGO: Everything!
- AMICIA: We'll try! (CHUCKLES)
- HUGO: Hello piggies!
- WOMAN: Roasted meat! Come taste it!
- AMICIA: Oh... It smells so good!
- MAN: Hey, come on.
Try a little piece.
- AMICIA: Go on.
- HUGO: Oh.
Yumm!
- MAN: (CHUCKLES) You like it?
- HUGO: Yes.
But... it's not piggies, right?
- WOMAN: Ahh...
- AMICIA: Come on.
(CHUCKLES) Let's go see the rest.
- MAN: Yes!
(GOOSE HONKS)
- HUGO: Amicia.
Why is the wall red?
- AMICIA: I've heard the earth
in this region is red in some places.
They call it The Oches.
- HUGO: That was good!
I'm hungry now!
Let's keep going before you ask for more.
- ANNOUNCER: Here ye, here ye!
The Count Victor of Arles welcomes you all
to the yearly fair of Saint John.
Enjoy goods from our region
and beyond at the market.
Make deals at our fish auction.
And try your skills in a free session of a shooting game.
Tomorrow's event...
...is a long awaited Cow Fair.
Get ready to overbid.
For Count Victor of Arles wishes you all
an excellent Saint John's fair.
- WOMAN: I should check that stand.
Our stocks are getting low.
- MAN: Is this fair even bigger than last year?
- HUGO: Have you seen?
- AMICIA: What?
- HUGO: The people here...
They're smiling.
- AMICIA: Ah...
(CHUCKLES) It's true.
Oh, look up there!
The house with the weather vane.
That's ours.
- HUGO: Oh...
Right above the market!
- AMICIA: Yes... The view will be amazing.
- WOMAN: Brushes and combs
from Firenze. Try them!
My lady, why not change your hairstyle?
- AMICIA: Thank you,
but I like it like this.
- WOMAN: Oh... Good for you.
A woman's hair is her righteous crown.
- AMICIA: Beautifully said.
- HUGO: Your hair is nice like that.
- AMICIA: Well, thank you, sir!
This is some really beautiful furniture here.
- HUGO: I had a closet like that in my room.
I liked to hide in it.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) Of course, you did.
Ah... This wine...
- MAN: A present, for your father, maybe?
- HUGO: He's... dead.
- AMICIA: But he loved this wine.
- MAN: Ah... Well, he was a really fine man then.
- AMICIA: He was.
Thank you.
- HUGO: Look at the colours!
- AMICIA: Just imagine the clothes
you can make with this!
- HUGO: Look! Flowers!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) ... interested in too many.
- HUGO: Oh... marigolds, primroses.
- WOMAN: Oh... You know your herbarium!
- HUGO: Only flowers.
My Mummy taught me.
We kept in a book at home.
- WOMAN: Do you want to buy flowers then?
- AMICIA: Thank you, but we like to pick them
in the wild. It's our thing.
- WOMAN: I understand.
Enjoy.
- HUGO: Yes. Come. Let's see the rest.
- AMICIA: Sure.
Ah... that beautiful!
- MAN: Thank you. I made them.
Do you know how to play?
- AMICIA: No, I... never took the time to learn.
- HUGO: But she's a good shot.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
I could play.
I'd love to.
One day, I'll learn.
- HUGO: Woww...
- AMICIA: Ha...
- HUGO: How can he do that?
- AMICIA: Well... His parents must be dragons.
- HUGO: A man-dragon!
- AMICIA: Exactly!
- HUGO: I'm sure Lucas could spit fire too.
- AMICIA: Of course.
He's perfedious.
- HUGO: It's like the one we had at home.
- AMICIA: This one is bigger.
And warmer.
- MAN: You're looking at the best
smithy in the region.
- HUGO: He must be sweating so much!
- MAN: (SCOFFS) That's for sure.
- HUGO: Wow... Those saws are huge!
- AMICIA: Let's have a look!
- HUGO: Are these saws for giant people?
- MAN: Giant? (CHUCKLES)
No, you're just tiny, that's all.
- AMICIA: (LAUGHS)
- HUGO: I'm not tiny!
- AMICIA: (LAUGHS) Oh lord.
- HUGO: Stop laughing!
- AMICIA: Sorry, you're right.
These are giant saws.
(CHUCKLES)
- HUGO: Huh! You see sir?
- AMICIA: Let's go see our house.
It should be right up here.
- HUGO: Oh... We can share my room if you want.
- AMICIA: Don't you want your own?
- HUGO: Hm...
I don't know.
- AMICIA: But that way we could invite
each other to our rooms.
- HUGO: Yes!
♪♪♪
I love this place!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) Me too.
- HUGO: Oh, they're playing music.
- HUGO: Aw... I can't see...
- AMICIA: Hey, you know what.
I'll put you up on my shoulders, alright?
- HUGO: Oh yes, please!
- AMICIA: Here we go.
You feeling alright up there?
Yes, I can see everything.
(CLAPPING SOUND)
(LAUGHTERS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- HUGO: This music is funny.
- AMICIA: Yes, but it's great.
- HUGO: They're so good!
- AMICIA: Alright, young man.
We should go see that house.
- HUGO: Aw... Already?
- AMICIA: Yes.
Mother must be waiting for us.
- HUGO: I wish we could stay a bit more.
- AMICIA: We'll come back.
- HUGO: The people here...
They don't seem to know
about the bad things.
- AMICIA: Bad things?
- HUGO: Everything that's happening outside.
- AMICIA: I think they do know.
They just feel safe here.
You will, too.
Hey, I'm going to put down for a bit.
Let's pick up the pace.
- HUGO: Yes.
I can't wait to see the house.
I wonder how big it is.
- AMICIA: I just hope they have real beds.
- HUGO: I hope I can see
the market from my room.
- AMICIA: A King's room, of course!
- HUGO: Of course!
- AMICIA: (LAUGHS)
- HUGO: (YAWNS)
- AMICIA: Someone had a long day.
- LUCAS: Hey! You're back!
So how was it?
- HUGO: They've got everything!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) It's true.
We'll have to go back altogether.
- LUCAS: Sure. We need some fresh herbs.
- AMICIA: Look at that!
I think...
...we can call it home
- LUCAS: Yes.
Home
I haven't said that word in a while.
- HUGO: I'm glad we came.
(YAWNS)
- AMICIA: And I think
someone needs to take a nap.
- HUGO: I'm not tired!
- AMICIA: (SCOFFS) Sure.
Let's go see inside.
- LUCAS: This is our door.
- HUGO: Wowww...
- AMICIA: It looks quiet.
- HUGO: And it's less hotter.
- AMICIA: It's nice!
- LUCAS: Ready to come inside?
- AMICIA: Yes, lead the way.
We're home, Hugo.
Our new home!
Let's take a look around.
- HUGO: Hm...
Yes...
- AMICIA: Alright, we'll do that later.
Mother, where's Hugo's room?
He's exhausted.
- BÉATRICE: Upstairs.
The bed is ready.
- AMICIA: Thanks.
Come on, you sleepy beast.
- HUGO: You must come, Amicia.
- AMICIA: Come where?
- HUGO: The island.
You'll be healed there too.
- AMICIA: Healed?
Well, that would be nice, I'm sure.
- HUGO: It will be.
- BÉATRICE: You're thinking too much.
Sometimes it's better just to trust your feelings.
- LUCAS: I'm trying... But I...
I just stuck in the logic of it.
- BÉATRICE: Substances obey natural law.
The Macula does too.
You don't need logic, Lucas.
You just need to be human.
- LUCAS: Maybe... (SIGHS)
I'm just not very good at being human.
- BÉATRICE: You are.
This is why you have doubts.
- AMICIA: No, NO!
Hugo, Hugo NO!
And I'll kill you again if I had to!
- HUGO: Amicia!
I'LL KILL ALL OF YOU!
- BÉATRICE: Hugo?
- LUCAS: Amicia, Amicia!
(SCREECHING SOUND)
- BÉATRICE: He had a nightmare.
- AMICIA: The Macula...
- LUCAS: It's the shock.
What happened today must have woken it.
- BÉATRICE: We had six months of respite
after he passed the second threshold.
But the balance
of his blood is very delicate.
Amicia, go with Lucas.
Magister Vaudin is somewhere in this town.
Find him and tell him to come quickly.
- AMICIA: Right away.
- BÉATRICE: Amicia...
- AMICIA: I know. We'll be careful.
(DOOR SHUTS)
It's because of those farmers.
I should never...
(FRUSTRATINGLY EXHALES)
- LUCAS: It's not your fault.
- AMICIA: How can you be so sure?
- LUCAS: You can't control
what happens in his blood.
The Macula keeps evolving.
Pushing the Carrier
through different thresholds.
- AMICIA: Will this...
Magister Vaudin really help?
- LUCAS: The Order has been studying
the Macula for centuries.
If they can't...
...I don't know who can.
- AMICIA: Lord... Protect him.
Why hasn't Vaudin showed up already?
- LUCAS: I think he's just been discreet.
The Order works like this.
- AMICIA: Someone must know about him.
Let's ask around.
- LUCAS: Here, a town guard.
I'll ask him.
Er... Hello... Excuse me...
Would you know the whereabouts
of Magister Vaudin?
- GUARD: Er... I've heard of a Sir Vaudin,
not a Magister.
Try the marketplace.
There're a couple of florists there.
I think they deal with him
from time to time.
- LUCAS: Thank you!
- AMICIA: Good. That's a start.
- LUCAS: I should've known.
Of course he doesn't go by
his Order's title publicly.
- AMICIA: We came by a florist earlier.
It's somewhere around this marketplace.
Hello again.
- FLORIST: Oh... it's you!
Looking flowers for the little one?
- AMICIA: Actually,
I'm looking for Sir Vaudin.
I believe he's one of your clients.
- FLORIST: He's my husband's client.
He's the one who deals in medicinal herbs.
- AMICIA: Ah...
- FLORIST: But Martin should be
right by the fountain.
Just tell him I sent you.
He's wearing a brown tunic.
- AMICIA: Brown tunic...
Thank you for your help!
- LUCAS: Let's hope he tells us.
- AMICIA: He will.
- AMICIA: Excuse me, sir. Your wife sent us.
- LUCAS: Hello sir. Your wife sent us.
- MARTIN: Now what does she want now?
I'm busy cleaning this mess.
- AMICIA: It's not for her.
We must find Sir Vaudin.
- MARTIN: Him?
He doesn't like to be bothered.
Just like me.
- AMICIA: Listen, my brother is very sick
and we need him immediately.
- MARTIN: (SIGHS) Alright, alright.
I don't know precisely where...
But I think he lives close
to the arena down there.
But don't tell him I sent you.
- LUCAS: Don't worry.
Thank you.
- AMICIA: Right, let's not waste time.
The arena district.
- LUCAS: That's a lot of houses.
- AMICIA: How are we going to find him?
It's a slum.
The Order is not poor
so what would a Magister be doing here?
- LUCAS: Probably hiding.
- AMICIA: Probably.
- LUCAS: Amicia.
That symbol on the wall.
- AMICIA: The Order.
- LUCAS: Yes. He's in here.
- GUARD: No one gets in.
The arena is off-limits.
- AMICIA: Why is that?
- GUARD: Because the Count of Provence said so.
Get going please.
- AMICIA: Listen. I really need to pass.
- LUCAS: It's alright. Come.
We'll go around the arena.
- AMICIA: (FRUSTRATINGLY EXHALES)
- LUCAS: Now it's not the time
to argue with soldiers.
Let's look around.
- AMICIA: You're right. Sorry.
- LUCAS: There's a door up there.
- AMICIA: Yes!
- LUCAS: So...
Ready to break the law?
- AMICIA: Come on.
Is it...?
- LUCAS: The Bite, yes.
They've locked the arena down.
They let them die here.
- AMICIA: It's starting all over again.
- LUCAS: Not starting.
Spreading.
Hugo...
We brought it here.
- AMICIA: Let's find Magister Vaudin.
If he's not dead already.
- LUCAS: I can't believe
they let them to rot here.
- AMICIA: These people were poor.
- LUCAS: They must be from the slum outside.
- AMICIA: How can nobody
notice their disappearance?
- LUCAS: Maybe nobody cares.
- AMICIA: Maybe.
- LUCAS: Here. Another symbol.
- AMICIA: Well, let's get in then.
You think these symbols will lead to him?
- LUCAS: Yes.
Look. An opening up there.
- AMICIA: There must be a way to climb up.
This could help.
- LUCAS: I'll give you a hand.
- AMICIA: If Vaudin's here, he's in trouble.
- LUCAS: He knows The Bite.
He must be avoiding the sick.
- AMICIA: Lucas...
If all these people here were bitten...
...it means...
- LUCAS: Maybe not...
A sick person could've
brought it inside the city.
- MAN: Please! No!
- AMICIA: (WHISPERS) People! Shh...
- LUCAS: (WHISPERS) What now?
- SOLDIER: Where is it? Talk!
- MAN: I don't know him. I swear!
- SOLDIER: You piece of...
- LUCAS: (WHISPERS) Not good.
- AMICIA: (WHISPERS) He has a helmet.
I can't do anything.
- LUCAS: (WHISPERS) What do we do?
- AMICIA: (WHISPERS) Let's just pass.
Not a sound.
- SOLDIER: You're alone. And I've all the time
in the world. Just talk to me.
- AMICIA: That brute is not a soldier.
- LUCAS: But he's dressed as one.
- SOLDIER: Not a single coin.
- AMICIA: No! How many are there?
- SOLDIER: I'd better focus on our man.
If I find him, I could ask for a reward.
- LUCAS: Amicia, he'll see us.
- AMICIA: I'll make him move.
- SOLDIER: Thank that bastard Count
for letting you die here like a dog.
Damn... That's an ugly ...
- AMICIA: That's it. Go away.
- SOLDIER: What makes so much noise?
- SOLDIER 1: So, any sign of the doctor?
I've heard nothing yet.
- AMICIA: A doctor?
- SOLDIER 2: No, that Vaudin's
pretty good at hiding I tell you.
- SOLDIER 1: And the boss will be here soon.
- SOLDIER 2: Shit...
- AMICIA: So they're after Vaudin too.
- LUCAS: They think he's a doctor.
- AMICIA: Just our luck.
(CHATTER)
- SOLDIER: Huh?
What did I hear?
All clear.
What is it again?
- AMICIA: Urgh... It stinks.
- LUCAS: Urgh... What the hell?
I'm going to be sick!
- AMICIA: (GASPS) No!
Oof... (COUGHS)
Please no...
- LUCAS: Up there.
Looks like it leads back inside.
- AMICIA: Let's find something to get up there... Quick!
- LUCAS: There's some sort of half-cart here.
But it's not high enough.
I think they were
moving the bodies with it.
- AMICIA: That cage up there
looks like the right size.
- LUCAS: It's full of bodies!
- AMICIA: Don't look at them.
Let's... push it.
- LUCAS: It's a massacre.
- AMICIA: We brought it here.
We condemned them.
- LUCAS: It's still going on in Guyenne.
It's already spreading.
- AMICIA: Yes, but...
they would've seen it coming.
- LUCAS: It wouldn't have changed a thing.
- AMICIA: Let's go. Quick.
- LUCAS: There's so many dead already.
Like it's...
...one step ahead of us.
- AMICIA: Yes. But none of them
looked devoured.
- LUCAS: Look.
I think they were keeping count of the dead.
- AMICIA: They left a knife.
It's stuck.
Come on.
Let's keep going. Through there.
- LUCAS: You don't use...
blade against... people.
- AMICIA: I did.
I had no choice.
A blade is silent and quick.
It's what we need now.
- LUCAS: Alright.
It's up to you.
Look over there.
Another symbol.
- AMICIA: Good. But... Lucas...
If these people fell ill, it means...
...some must've been bitten.
- LUCAS: I've seen no sign of attack.
- AMICIA: Not yet.
Anyway, let's go.
(DISTANT CHATTER)
- LUCAS: Soldiers turned bad.
That doesn't sound good.
- AMICIA: Archer! Up there!
- LUCAS: Stay out of sight.
- AMICIA: Stay away.
They haven't found Vaudin yet.
- LUCAS: He's smarter than them.
- AMICIA: He's alone...
And if they do, Hugo's lost.
- LUCAS: You're right.
- SOLDIER: Huh?
I heard something.
Nothing here.
- LUCAS: Yes, we made it.
- AMICIA: We did.
But I'm weary of the thieves,
murderers, mercenaries...
All the bloody scum
that keeps getting in our way.
- LUCAS: Chaos rules our lives.
They're part of it.
And you're getting better
at handling them.
I see it.
You were pretty discreet back there.
- AMICIA: Well, better to let live
and not risk dying myself.
- LUCAS: Argh... Do you smell that?
- AMICIA: Dead bodies.
- LUCAS: What is this place?
A hospital.
- AMICIA: I think they used to live here.
- LUCAS: No wonder they all fell ill.
I...
...can't get used to it.
- AMICIA: You don't have to.
(FLIES BUZZING)
Please tell me this is it.
Oh, Lord.
It's a whole city.
- LUCAS: The symbol.
He's in that tower, he has to be.
- AMICIA: Has to?
Lucas, crossing this mess
won't be easy or quick.
- LUCAS: It's the Order.
A high Magister would just...
...live in a high tower, no?
- AMICIA: (SIGHS) Let's just get there.
(WOOD CREAKING)
- LUCAS: You sure about this?
- AMICIA: Well, it's the only way.
We'll just be careful.
(WOOD CREAKING)
- LUCAS: (BREATHING HEAVILY)
Ahh...
- AMICIA: Lucas!!
(EFFORT GRUNTS)
- LUCAS: Can you stand up?
- AMICIA: I'm tryin' to.
- MAN: Please don't hurt me!
- AMICIA: Calm down!
We're not with those men.
You live here?
- MAN: Yes.
(GROUND RUMBLING)
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- MAN: What? What is that??
- LUCAS: They're here!
- AMICIA: Don't drop the torch!
As long as you have it,
they can't hurt you!
- MAN: What do they want with me?
- AMICIA: Come to us.
We have to go back up.
The sun will protect us.
- LUCAS: Calm down.
You're safe in the light.
- MAN: Alright.
Where... where do they come from?
- LUCAS: There's more coming.
- AMICIA: A lot more.
Keep moving!
- MAN: There're too many!
- LUCAS: Don't stop!
- AMICIA: Ignore them! Keep moving!
- MAN: Yes.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
- AMICIA: You see a way out?
- LUCAS: I don't know.
It's too dark!
Come! Quick!
- AMICIA: Close it!
- LUCAS: Help me!
- AMICIA: Hold, hold!!
No, no!
- LUCAS: We're done!
- AMICIA: No.
We've got light and we're safe for now.
We're safe. We're safe.
Calm down.
Keep hold of me.
- LUCAS: You think we can get out of this?
- AMICIA: We must!
Let's go carefully.
I knew it!
I told you they were here.
- LUCAS: There're millions of them.
How? How can that be so many already?
- AMICIA: Hugo... They're here for him.
Yes... That'll hold.
- LUCAS: Look! They're climbing!
- AMICIA: What? How??
- LUCAS: This is so bad.
- AMICIA: We get to that tower,
get Vaudin, bring him back to Hugo and leave.
- LUCAS: My materials. I lost all of it in the fall.
- AMICIA: We'll do without.
- LUCAS: Yes. Please don't drop that torch.
- AMICIA: I think we can climb that wall.
But I'll need my hands free.
No choice.
- LUCAS: I can't believe
we're leaving the torch behind.
- AMICIA: Nasty filth!
- LUCAS: What do we do?
- AMICIA: Let's use the stick.
- LUCAS: It'll burn fast.
- AMICIA: We'll keep a straight line.
- LUCAS: Yes. Very straight!
- AMICIA: Lucas...
When night comes...
- LUCAS: Yes.
Nothing will stop them from getting out.
We really must get to higher ground.
- AMICIA: Fire's doing alright.
For now.
- LUCAS: For now?
Good. One brazier at a time.
- AMICIA: We can make it.
We're making it!
- LUCAS: There's a ladder.
- AMICIA: The light doesn't reach the ladder.
- LUCAS: The lock on that chain looks weak.
- AMICIA: I see it.
- LUCAS: Yes. Well done.
- AMICIA: Let's go. Quick.
Higher ground.
That's better.
- LUCAS: I...
...need to take a breath.
- AMICIA: Breathe fast.
I don't know how long it's gonna last.
- LUCAS: Really?
A beam?
- AMICIA: It's the only way.
Right.
Steady.
- LUCAS: Wow...
Alright.
- AMICIA: Just don't rush.
- LUCAS: Ah!
- AMICIA: Lucas!
- LUCAS: I knew it!
- AMICIA: Are you alright?
- LUCAS: No, I'm surrounded!
- AMICIA: The ladder.
Get to higher ground. Quick!
- LUCAS: Yes!
Of course it has to happen to me.
I... I need help!
They're coming after me.
- AMICIA: Stay calm. You're fine for now.
- LUCAS: For now?
- AMICIA: I won't let you down.
You know it.
Good. That'll do.
There you go.
- LUCAS: Thank you!
I'll try to join you.
I'll need a stick to get across.
Alright.
Be fast. Be brave.
And don't fall this time.
- AMICIA: You can do it.
Don't panic.
- LUCAS: Too late for that!
That was horrible.
Thank you.
- AMICIA: Please, stop giving cold sweat.
Let's keep going.
We're getting closer to sunlight.
- LUCAS: Maybe we'll get out
closer to that tower.
I can't wait to hear
Magister Vaudin's plan about this.
- AMICIA: It better be a damn good plan.
- LUCAS: It will be.
- AMICIA: Oh no...
- LUCAS: We're going down again?
- AMICIA: We are.
- LUCAS: It's a joke!
- AMICIA: No.
And Hugo's condition gets worse
with every second we spend here.
- LUCAS: Your Mother's with him.
He should be fine.
No rats.
- AMICIA: No.
But they were here not long ago.
Look at these bodies.
- LUCAS: Fresh.
- AMICIA: They're close. Careful.
Wow...
What is that?
- LUCAS: Rails in the walls.
It looks like an elevator.
It could be a way out.
- AMICIA: Lucas...
What is that thing?
- LUCAS: I've read about this.
It's an elephant.
From Africa.
Roman used it in joined circus games.
- AMICIA: It's enormous!
Look at its... teeth.
- LUCAS: This is...
It's real...
- AMICIA: Yes.
There's enough bones around.
Let's get out of here.
That smell...
- LUCAS: I know. It's... sulfur.
A crank.
- AMICIA: Let's see what it does.
I'm going to need you.
- LUCAS: Sure.
Huh...
Wow...
- AMICIA: Oh no...
Do you hear that?
- LUCAS: Oh no... Please no!
- AMICIA: Look how many there are...
We're stuck, Lucas.
- LUCAS: No no.
Look at the platform.
The brazier...
It looks big enough to light the whole room.
- AMICIA: How do we set it on fire?
- LUCAS: I don't know.
Saltpetre, sulfur, alcohol...
Whatever we can find.
- AMICIA: Fine. These roofs are opened now.
Maybe we'll find something.
Meatstock.
- LUCAS: We need a preservative
like... alcohol.
Maybe in that chest.
- AMICIA: Alright. Let's try to keep
these rats occupied first.
- LUCAS: Good. But it won't be enough.
Don't fall.
- AMICIA: Thank you, Lucas.
They'll like this.
- LUCAS: It looks safe.
- AMICIA: Good. Let's get to that chest.
- LUCAS: They still look like
they haven't eaten in a million years.
So? What's in it?
- AMICIA: Alcohol bottles.
- LUCAS: Yes! That's good!
Very good. Come back.
Alright.
We need a second element...
...then we'll craft an Ignifer.
Remember?
- AMICIA: Ignifer.
I've forgot about this.
Let's check that other one.
That's sulfur, right?
- LUCAS: Yes.
Some spilled on these planks.
The chest up there might contain more.
Fresh sulfur would be perfect.
- AMICIA: Let's get up there.
A crank.
There's an elevator.
Lucas, that's your job.
- LUCAS: Naturally.
(CRANKING NOISE)
I'm holding.
- AMICIA: We're losing time.
- LUCAS: On your go.
- AMICIA: You can let go now.
- LUCAS: Of course.
- AMICIA: We need to move faster.
I'm worried about Hugo.
- LUCAS: The tower is not that far.
As soon as we find Vaudin, he'll...
- AMICIA: We don't even know if he's in there.
And with the rats...
And those mercenaries...
- LUCAS: Hey!
One thing at a time.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Good.
- LUCAS: So?
Find anything?
- AMICIA: You were right.
It's sulfur.
- LUCAS: Yes.
Now that is very good news.
Good.
We have sulfur and alcohol.
It's one of the best basics for an Ignifer.
Highly reactive.
Mix them together.
- AMICIA: Ignifer...
I love that thing.
- LUCAS: It's a life-saver.
- AMICIA: Done.
- LUCAS: Shoot it at those embers
with your sling and...
Well, hope that it works.
- AMICIA: Huh... What the hell?
- LUCAS: Wow.
That was highly reactive, indeed.
- AMICIA: Thanks, Lucas.
That Ignifer will be more than useful.
Now, let's try to get that platform down.
- LUCAS: I think I've seen
other cranks around.
- AMICIA: We'll have a look.
- LUCAS: There're our cranks.
Up there. Under the arches.
- AMICIA: Yes. What now?
- LUCAS: Cages...
They had other pieces in there.
- AMICIA: Whatever.
Let's slide this place out.
There're still rats left.
- LUCAS: That clay pot you have...
It could concentrate the effect
of an Ignifer and release it on impact.
Go on. Try.
- AMICIA: Let's hope it works.
It's done.
- LUCAS: Throw it to make a brief fire.
It'll get us across.
But we'll have to be quick.
- AMICIA: Now!
- LUCAS: Yes... Move.
- AMICIA: That was a great idea.
- LUCAS: Pretty easy. You just need a pot.
- AMICIA: Alright.
Let's... move... this... beast.
That thing is too heavy.
- LUCAS: That's what the crank
on the other side is for.
You need two people.
- AMICIA: Alright, you stay there.
I'll go man that other one.
- LUCAS: I'll wait for your go.
This is it, Amicia.
- AMICIA: Hopefully.
- AMICIA: As someone had told me
the world was about to collapse again.
So many jars.
Probably wine
for the spectators of the arena.
Some things never change.
I'll bring help, Hugo.
I'll find this Vaudin.
But you have to hold on...
I'm doing my best.
To the crank now.
Time to get that lift down
and get the hell out of here.
Alright, Lucas.
I'm there.
- LUCAS: I'm waiting for your go.
- AMICIA: It's working!
- LUCAS: I can't believe it!
- AMICIA: Thank the Lord!
This is it!
- LUCAS: On your word.
- AMICIA: Go!
- LUCAS: Erm... You hear that?
That might be the brake breaking.
- AMICIA: Let's get to the lift.
Quick!
Wow.
- LUCAS: (EXHALES) Steady.
- AMICIA: (EXHALES)
How did we do this?
- LUCAS: With...
...exceptional skills and resilience.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
It's starting again.
Do you realise what that means?
- LUCAS: I do.
But we've been through this before.
- AMICIA: You saw how they charged us.
The way they move.
They're faster, more agile,
more intelligent.
- LUCAS: But we made it.
- AMICIA: Barely.
- LUCAS: Let's find Magiter Vaudin.
With the Order by our side...
...we won't have to
face this alone anymore.
- AMICIA: I really hope that you're right.
Please tell me
we didn't stray from it.
Yes! The tower!
- LUCAS: We got a bit closer, no?
- AMICIA: A bit.
But I'll take that.
I see no sign of those mercenaries.
- LUCAS: Let's hope
it doesn't mean they found him.
- AMICIA: Let's just hurry.
- LUCAS: This place actually
seemed pretty nice.
- AMICIA: Before the Bite? Yes.
- LUCAS: A vegetable garden.
Oh, look at that!
Amicia, you should come see this.
I think you'll like it.
- AMICIA: Hey...
What are you doing here?
- LUCAS: Whoever planted it won't see it grow.
- AMICIA: Hugo will love it.
I'll keep it there.
Like before.
- LUCAS: It suits you.
- AMICIA: Well... Thank you!
Let's keep going.
We're getting really close to the tower.
One last push.
This thing is big.
He has to be in there.
- LUCAS: It looks like
the safest place anyway.
- AMICIA: If the Order still has that power...
...maybe they could save Hugo.
- SOLDIER 1: So, we wait
until Arnaud arrives to get him out.
Tell your men to stand ready
to storm the tower.
- SOLDIER 2: Didn't you hear?
We have men missing.
Something's going on here.
Let's go get the others after this.
And leave this bloody place.
- SOLDIER 1: We wait for Arnaud.
It's an order.
- SOLDIER 2: Alright. Your call.
- LUCAS: He's really in the tower.
- LUCAS: We're here.
I think we're safe now.
You did great.
What's wrong?
Vaudin's somewhere in here.
We did it.
- AMICIA: Those last months on the road...
After all that happened in Guyenne.
Hugo was always worry
that it would start all over again.
But...
Everything was... so nice.
And quiet.
A-And...
So I told him...
...that maybe it was... over.
That the worse was behind.
- LUCAS: We all hoped it was.
- AMICIA: What am I gonna tell him now?
That the rats are back?
That the Bite has killed hundreds?
And this new home
that he likes is already dying.
I'm not ready for this...
- LUCAS: No one could be ready for this.
But soon we won't
be alone in this anymore.
We'll have the best alchemist by our side.
Good?
- AMICIA: Good.
- LUCAS: Now look.
A real Order lodge.
- AMICIA: Let's get this
Magister Vaudin to Hugo.
- LUCAS: That's an entrance hall.
- AMICIA: How do we get upstairs?
- LUCAS: I see no door.
But these sort of iron bells...
Look.
They bear planet symbols.
And here, the Sun sits in their centre.
The order of the planets is not right.
- AMICIA: How does the whole thing work?
- LUCAS: There're locks
for a key under each bell.
It's one big mechanism.
- AMICIA: But...
we don't have a key, so...?
- LUCAS: I think the key makes each bell pivot...
But your sling may do the trick.
Let's try from the left.
- AMICIA: Alright.
- LUCAS: From left to right,
the correct order is...
Jupiter, Mars, the Sun, Venus, and Mercury.
Jupiter's symbol looks like a "Z"
Like for Zeus.
- AMICIA: "Z".
- LUCAS: That's it! Jupiter.
- AMICIA: What's next?
- LUCAS: To Jupiter's right is Mars,
the God of War.
It's a shield crossed by a spear.
- AMICIA: Spear. Shield.
- LUCAS: Mars should be a circle...
- AMICIA: Mars. That's it.
- LUCAS: Now, Venus is the first
to the right of the Sun.
It's shaped like a necklace.
Look for a circle
with a line going down.
- AMICIA: I think this is Venus.
- LUCAS: The last one is Mercury.
God of Commerce.
He carries a staff
with two snakes intertwined.
Mercury's symbol is
two snakes intertwined.
- AMICIA: And done!
That's all of them I think.
- LUCAS: Yes! Oh look!
That moves a door.
It's so (INAUDIBLE)
- AMICIA: Good work.
Let's find this Magister.
Magister Vaudin?
I'm Amicia de Rune.
- VAUDIN: The daughter.
That explains why
those brutes downstairs are so quiet.
The Order was...
...quite impressed by the way
you put down the Inquisition in Guyenne.
- AMICIA: Well...
I didn't have a choice.
- VAUDIN: Not a choice...
A calling.
That of a Carrier's Protector.
- AMICIA: A what?
- VAUDIN: A protector.
Your function among the Order.
- AMICIA: Wait... I'm not...
- VAUNDIN: And you are...?
- LUCAS: I'm Lucas.
I'm an alchemist too.
- VAUDIN: An apprentice.
Does your Magistra know
you entitle yourself?
- AMICIA: Who cares??
The Macula's woken up again.
My brother needs your help
and the rats are already there!
- VAUDIN: Control your flame, Protector.
Others have burnt in it.
Take my bag.
Let's go see that Carrier.
(DOOR OPENS)
- BÉATRICE: Magister Vaudin.
- VAUDIN: Where is he?
- BÉATRICE: Upstairs.
- AMICIA: How are you doing?
- HUGO: I'm scared.
- BÉATRICE: Hugo, this is Magister Vaudin.
- HUGO: Hello.
- VAUDIN: We should start immediately.
I will need silence.
- AMICIA: Mother...
- BÉATRICE: I'll handle it.